Add tutorial explaining the recommendation app queries (#45)
streamshub/flink-sql-examples: recommendation-app/README.md

```sql
CREATE TABLE ProductInventoryTable (
    product_id STRING, 
    category STRING, 
    stock STRING, 
    rating STRING 
) WITH (
    'connector' = 'filesystem', 
    'path' = '/opt/flink/data/productInventory.csv', 
    'format' = 'csv', 
    'csv.ignore-parse-errors' = 'true' 
); 
```

In the [Running the Application](#running-the-application) section we see how this CSV can be loaded into a ConfigMap and mounted in the Flink Task Manager Pod.

### Click Stream and Sales Records Kafka Topics

#### Kafka Connectors

In order to perform the recommendation we need to know what customers are clicking on (the clickstream) and what they have brought (sales records).
Both of these are housed in Kafka topics and so to access the data they hold we need to create Flink SQL tables.
The StreamsHub [Flink SQL Runner](https://github.com/streamshub/flink-sql) project provides an image that already contains the Flink Kafka connector and its corresponding Flink SQL Table connector. 
Using that image (see the [Running the Application](#running-the-application) section for more details) means we can create tables to read from Kafka topics directly into Flink SQL.

#### Kafka Topic Schemas

> However, to Kafka the data inside its topics are just bytes, it does not tell us (or Flink SQL) what those bytes mean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data in Kafka topics are just bytes, Kafka cannot tell us (or Flink SQL) what those bytes mean.
```

Rewritten so if someone jumps to this section it reads a bit better.

For that we need to know the schema of the messages within the topic.

> Thankfully, the thoughtful people who designed the data generation application which publishes the click stream and sales records, have produced [Avro](https://avro.apache.org/) schema files ([click stream schema](https://github.com/streamshub/flink-sql-examples/blob/main/data-generator/src/main/resources/clickStream.avsc), [sales records schema](https://github.com/streamshub/flink-sql-examples/blob/main/data-generator/src/main/resources/sales.avsc)), which tell what each message on those topics contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thankfully, the thoughtful people who designed the data generation application which publishes the click stream and sales records, have produced [Avro](https://avro.apache.org/) schema files ([click stream schema](https://github.com/streamshub/flink-sql-examples/blob/main/data-generator/src/main/resources/clickStream.avsc), [sales records schema](https://github.com/streamshub/flink-sql-examples/blob/main/data-generator/src/main/resources/sales.avsc)), which tell us what each message on those topics contain.
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE SalesRecordTable (
  invoice_id STRING, 
  user_id STRING, 
  product_id STRING, 
  quantity STRING, 
  unit_cost STRING, 
  `purchase_time` TIMESTAMP(3) METADATA FROM 'timestamp', 
  WATERMARK FOR purchase_time AS purchase_time - INTERVAL '1' SECOND 
) WITH (
  'connector' = 'kafka', 
  'topic' = 'flink.sales.records', 
  'properties.bootstrap.servers' = 'my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.flink.svc:9092',
  'properties.group.id' = 'sales-record-group', 
  'value.format' = 'avro-confluent', 
  'value.avro-confluent.url' = 'http://apicurio-registry-service.flink.svc:8080/apis/ccompat/v6', 
  'scan.startup.mode' = 'latest-offset' 
); 
```

### Making the recommendation

Now we have the external data accessible via Tables we can put together the recommendation pipeline.
Lets remind ourselves of what the pipeline needs to recommend:

- Up to 6 highly rated products in the same category as that of the product the customer is currently viewing
- Only products that are in stock
- Products that the customer has bought before should be favoured

We start with the what the customer is currently viewing, the clickstream.

> But that stream only contains the user ID and the product ID, we need to know the category the product belongs too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But that stream only contains the user ID and the product ID, we need to know the category the product belongs to.
```

To do that, we can join the click stream table with the product inventory table to pull out the category.

```sql
CREATE TEMPORARY VIEW clicked_products AS 
  SELECT DISTINCT 
    c.user_id, c.event_time, 
    p.product_id, 
    p.category 
  FROM ClickStreamTable AS c 
  JOIN ProductInventoryTable AS p ON c.product_id = p.product_id; 
```

The query above constructs a `TEMPORARY` `VIEW`. 
Views provide a way to reference the results of a query.
In the statement above we are assigning the results of the join between the clickstream and product inventory to the `clicked_products` view, so we can reference it in later queries.
The `TEMPORARY` clause in the `CREATE` statement refers to how Flink will persist the metadata about this view and is linked to Flink Catalogs that we won't cover here (you can read more about Catalogs in the [docs](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/catalogs/)).

> Now we have the product category information in the clickstream we need to get all products, in that category, that are in stock and mark weather the user purchased them or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we have the product category information in the clickstream we need to get all products, in that category, that are in stock and mark whether the user purchased them or not.
```

To do that we can `JOIN` the enriched clickstream on the product inventory table, where the categories match, to get all products in that category. 
This allows us to also pull in the stock level and ratings. 
We can then take this set of products from the same category and `LEFT JOIN` on the sales records table. 

> This will pass through all entries from the category, weather they have been purchased or not and allow us to have a new `purchased` column for any products the the user has brought in the past.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will pass through all entries from the category, whether they have been purchased or not and allow us to have a new `purchased` column for any products the the user has bought in the past.  
```

We can then filter out any items that are not in stock.

We do the above operations using the statement below and create a `VIEW` for the results:

```sql
CREATE TEMPORARY VIEW category_products AS 
  SELECT 
    cp.user_id, 
    cp.event_time, 
    p.product_id, 
    p.category, 
    p.stock, 
    p.rating, 
    sr.user_id as purchased 
  FROM clicked_products cp 
  JOIN ProductInventoryTable AS p ON cp.category = p.category 
  LEFT JOIN SalesRecordTable sr ON cp.user_id = sr.user_id AND p.product_id = sr.product_id 
  WHERE p.stock > 0 
  GROUP BY 
    p.product_id, 
    p.category, 
    p.stock, 
    cp.user_id, 
    cp.event_time, 
    sr.user_id, 
    p.rating
; 
```

Now we have a view which, for each clickstream event, emits a list of in-stock products in the same category and also marks those purchased by the user.  
However, these are in no particular order.

> To indicate how good a recommendation each product maybe we can use the `ROW NUMBER` [aggregate function](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/functions/systemfunctions/#aggregate-functions). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To indicate how good a recommendation of each product is maybe we can use the `ROW NUMBER` [aggregate function](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/functions/systemfunctions/#aggregate-functions). 
```

To package the results up more cleanly we can use the `LISTAGG` [aggregation function](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/functions/systemfunctions/#aggregate-functions) to combine the product IDs into a single list.
We can also define over what time window we want to source data for the recommendation by defining a [window aggregation](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/sql/queries/window-agg/#group-window-functions) clause below the `GROUP BY` clause. 
The simplest time window is a tumbling window, which collects data over a defined period, performs the aggregation and then moves forward by the same period and so on.
The longer the window, the more clickstream events will be included but the slower the results will be to update and more data you need to aggregate.

A statement to perform the final recommendation query is shown below:

```sql
SELECT 
  user_id, 
  LISTAGG(product_id, ',') AS top_product_ids, 
  TUMBLE_END(event_time, INTERVAL '5' SECOND) as window_end_timestamp
FROM top_products 
WHERE rn <= 6 
GROUP BY user_id, 
TUMBLE(event_time, INTERVAL '5' SECOND)
;
```

### Saving the results

> Now that we can generate the product recommendations we need to save that data somewhere. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have generated the product recommendations we need to save that data somewhere. 
```
Again small tweak for people jumping between sections

> The easiest option is to output the result back to Kafka so that some other service can pick them up and present them to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest option is to output the results back to Kafka so that some other service can pick them up and present them to the user.
```

> To do this we need to create a output Kafka table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this we need to create an output Kafka table.
```
